Le 20 people have been killed and many
more injured in an air strike on jabalia
refugee camp dozens of wounded people
including children have been taken to a
medical
center now Al jazer an Sharif sent this
update from jabalia in
Gaza in this Medical Center in jabalia
Al balad there are many dead and wounded
people who were bought following an
Israeli attack many others are buried
under under the rubble and can't be
reached by paramedics as we can see most
of the casualties are women and
children they are targeting innocent
children we host at our home poor
helpless and displaced people who can't
fight a place at the schools the is
occupation forces have targeted all of
us inside our
house they target houses that only host
civilians there are hundreds of dead and
wounded people the medical system has
collapsed and we can only offer Medical
Services in small centers that can't
deal with the large number of victims
this is a genocide our message to the
world is that enough is enough stop
sleeping and get up don't you feel that
we are part of
humanity we are civilians staying at
home we never harm or hurt
anyone we were trying to find some
drinking water for our children and of a
sudden Israeli occupation bombarded us
my daughter and my son were under the
rubble we managed to recover
them this morning the center received a
huge number of victims due to massacres
committed by Israel's occupation forces
the center can't treat such large
numbers of casualties the health system
in North Gaza has already collapsed an
immediate ceasefire will mean a stop to
the killing of hundreds of people the
medical teams are exhausted the
situation is catastrophic
the entire world must work hard to reach
a ceasefire we can only offer first aid
for these very critical cases and after
that we don't know what to do or where
to go with them we are facing a
genocide